changelog: add mention of new Logs interface and Clever Tools 3.6.0 (#254)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-04-15-new-logs-interface-public-beta.md

---
title: New logs interface is available in public beta
date: 2024-04-15
tags:
  - clever-tools
  - cli
authors:
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
  - name: Pierre De Soyres
    link: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc
    image: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc.png?size=40
description: Lots of new features included!
excludeSearch: true
---

> Since last year we use a new Logs stack based on Pulsar and Vector, available for applications only, through CLI. Thanks to it, we provide a more reliable service, with new filtering features. It's now available from [the Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com) too! As it's in public beta stage, you'll need to activate it through the "Try the new Logs experience" link. You'll be able to revert this choice if needed. 

Reviewer: ` through CLI` what does it mean? 

```suggestion
Since 2023, applications use a new Logs stack based on Pulsar and Vector, through CLI. Thanks to it, we provide a more reliable service, with new filtering features. It's now available from [the Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com) too! As it's in public beta stage, you'll need to activate it through the "Try the new Logs experience" link. You can revert this choice if needed. 

This new feature is available for **applications only**.
```
